Pipi/TODO.md, before:

- [x] Implement a basic dynamic coordinate system.
- [x] Make an input field for text.
- [x] Implement a converter which converts the user input into function-graphs which display in the grid.
- [x] Implement error when the user inputs wrong input.
- [x] Make everything a lib so that we don't have to import all the time.
- [x] Implement a basic train which follows the function.
- [x] Implement obstacles.
- [x] Actor have to draw the line after it.
- [x] Implement a message box which pops up when you've completed a level.
- [x] Implement better goal detection.
- [x] Art
- [x] Remove message box when completed level or enable enter to pass.
- [x] Implement other scenes (start menu).
- [x] Implement server-side saving of statistics. 
- [x] Implement time statistics.
- [x] Finish level 4.
- [x] Add more levels in general. Each level group should consist of at least 10 levels (except constant term).  
- [x] Implement score.
- [x] Make message box label a bit wider or lower the font.

- [ ] Make compatible with the biggest browsers
    - [x] Safari - mouse movement.
    - [x] Chrome and Firefox - delete button goes to the previous page.
    - [ ] Safari - When entering wrong input and then entering right, it still thinks it's wrong. I don't find the reason for this. :(
    - [ ] IE - ?
    - [ ] Opera - ?
    
- [ ] Server port is open, but we can't access it globally. Hmm.
- [ ] Test server side on school network.
- [ ] Update the website.

- [ ] Make grid zoomable with zooming determined by mid-points.

Commit message:

Fixed some small bugs with Pipi and made it only available to use in Chrome and Firefox.

Pipi/TODO.md, after:

- [x] Implement a basic dynamic coordinate system.
- [x] Make an input field for text.
- [x] Implement a converter which converts the user input into function-graphs which display in the grid.
- [x] Implement error when the user inputs wrong input.
- [x] Make everything a lib so that we don't have to import all the time.
- [x] Implement a basic train which follows the function.
- [x] Implement obstacles.
- [x] Actor have to draw the line after it.
- [x] Implement a message box which pops up when you've completed a level.
- [x] Implement better goal detection.
- [x] Art
- [x] Remove message box when completed level or enable enter to pass.
- [x] Implement other scenes (start menu).
- [x] Implement server-side saving of statistics. 
- [x] Implement time statistics.
- [x] Finish level 4.
- [x] Add more levels in general. Each level group should consist of at least 10 levels (except constant term).  
- [x] Implement score.
- [x] Make message box label a bit wider or lower the font.
- [x] Update the website.
- [x] Make height a little less?
- [x] Test in IE. Doesn't work...
- [x] Levels of grade 4 should have longer time for extra points (< 60 = 2, < 90 = 1, < 120 = 0).
- [x] Make compatible with the biggest browsers. Just Chrome and Firefox for now.
    - [x] Safari - mouse movement.
    - [x] Chrome and Firefox - delete button goes to the previous page.
    - [ ] Safari - When entering wrong input and then entering right, it still thinks it's wrong. I don't find the reason for this. :(
    - [ ] Safari - Weird bug with the deleting of input -> Allows to only delete the last character.
    - [ ] IE - Doesn't work...
    - [ ] Opera - ?

- [ ] In some instances you can't delete the input. It seems like this occurs when bringing another window to focus and then going back to the browser.
- [ ] Server port is open, but we can't access it globally.
- [ ] Test server side on school network. Doesn't work :/
- [ ] Set up server communication with score and solution too (as well IP?).

- [ ] Make grid zoomable with zooming determined by mid-points.
